So you've met Taro Watanabe?
Yeah, he was a member of the Yamaguchi team
It was also he who kept coming forward to contact me.
How to contact
We work together on the accounts once a week
The location is an abandoned warehouse for early morning delivery
Oh, right.
That warehouse is also the city of our Luo family.
inverse
When will you next reconcile your accounts?
Tomorrow morning at 10:00
I'm done.
You take him back and punish him according to law
Before 10 o'clock tomorrow.
If Taro Watanabe contacts him
Don't show your feet
Yes, don't worry.
And don't give him away about tonight
otherwise
Take him away
Dad, I
Race adult
You see, I'm over 50.
Gave birth to such a useless son
Can you spare his life?
Give our Luo family an inheritance
Did you not understand what the Queen of Guangtai said?
Punish by law
But this
I am willing to give up half of our Luo family's property
Just his life
I see you.
Or the dead heart
Traitor
No sin
You, on this issue
There's no room for negotiation.
The master is in his 50s and is growing strong
I advise you.
Or another one?
You shameless thing
You hurry up and inform Dolo
Tell him that Zhong'er was arrested
Get him ready in advance, sir